if you're gonna come here you got to
come strong
you look on that hall there isn't crazy
ornate boots it's all about the liquid
it's not hard to chew up and be esoteric
but it's a lot harder to show up with
finesse
and there's a lot of finesse on the
floor tonight blonde saison Cabernet
Merlot jour not wine barrels raspberries
blackberries buckwheat honey triple
fermenters changes regard under like 15
20 years ago we couldn't give our beers
away definitely the bourbon barrel-aged
Terminator wintery oh that was aged in
red wine barrels for about six to eight
months our Pilsner that is barely one
big well I think it's a great community
I mean at any time when there's a give
and take where people are talking to you
about your beer and you get a chance to
talk to them about your beer is to me is
is pretty rewarding it's very
stimulating
wallstreet others have been amazing job
with its vegetable this is a really
unique and cool
when I come in here is just it's amazing
to see how many breweries there are
it's cream deer fest stream gear fast
stream beer fest is the ultimate
Throwdown of craft beer creativity join
us as we celebrate Brewers to push the
boundaries and raise a fist at the norm
then raise a fist at the norm minds will
be blown balance is definitely the
entire repair I'm looking forward to the
day when the ebf is held at Fenway Park